hello okay to 2012 with this here not
Geography contact the team
high school with door by ricardo e
by the professor who is going with me
I'm a bruno teacher to make a brief
comment from today's enem proof
themes were addressed this year at
frontier but were working during
every year with the third year with the
however the 2nd year in pre entrance exam
finally with all our students who can
to have this proof has more in
fell in the test of that year as per
example, Brazilian agriculture with a
topic that was quoted food
transgenic themes that are touched is
routinely daily a means of
communication in which it was addressed in the
class environmental impact problems
environmental impact on our
waters
our population ideology was the theme
also addressed this year fell the pyramid
population on Saturday's test
and this evidence and this child and
population was commented two days ago
behind our globalization review was
the theme also commented on the proof of enem
the Brazilian economy was also a theme
was addressed and we made a point of doing
a comment on physical geography also
put to test types of rock
relief structure is mineral resources
crystalline structures that were themes
massively approached by us in the
class is the student the contact left the test
today with the conscience of duty
quiet of fulfilled themes were
addressed were put to the test were
placed in our simulations were
placed in our reviews in our
student today is had the opportunity to
put their knowledge into practice
for you would make contact 2012
A good hug, everything will work out.
Right for us
Hello asked Professor cícero Satuba
of the contact history team
in my name and in the name of my companions
edson luiz andré sesa boy juliano melo
to make a rapid analysis of the
today's test on the first day of the race
of the national examination
a proof that the team analyzed a lot
good proof within our
expectations
a contextualized proof is a proof that
citing some examples, he did not
like the era vargas né fell in an analysis
material in the presentation of the
test points
two questions about it
I was particularly drawn to the issue
that approached the São Paulo revolution of
1932 known as the
constitutionalist
also highlight a theme that has been
much addressed by the entire team to the
throughout the year
the truth commission established in the
first half of 2012 during the
government
to investigate alleged crimes
committed by public officials during the
military dictatorship
the commission of truth was not the theme
specific issue but the issue of
raised the issue was the theme
rather the pseudo suicide
suicide of journalist vladimir herzog
175 1985 is the false suicide indeed
was killed under torture of
public officials during the period
authorities also reminded that the
evidence brought themes in the 60s the
movement of the counterculture movement
of the Vietnam War is a
which brought to the forefront the
pacifist movement in the united states
nor of the civil rights of blacks
movement led by pastor martin
luther king
in this same context it is
characterization an issue that addressed
the liberation process of India
non-violence captained
mahatma gandhi a matter of empire
Roman
within what was previously expected to be common
Julian Melo and emphasized along with
the staff did not go very well with this it is
contextualized is brought many images
many illustrations in some of the
questions was not necessary if a
deep knowledge on the subject was
more than a matter of pure and simple
interpretation then we understand talk
I'm speaking for the team that was a
proof within expectations
in the analysis of the team a proof that in
many aspects is was much better in the
that in the last two years in particular
compared to last year's enem in
nape of the story
rest is waiting for everyone tomorrow
can be operated as well as
we believe that the beast contact was
well today
My hug embrace the entire team
history of the college and course contact and
I wish everyone good luck in proof
tomorrow
hoping everyone will perform well
nor so that in the end we can celebrate
together approval embrace cícero Satuba
of the entire contact history team